Q1) Is JSX mandatory for React?
A1) JSX is not a requirement for using React. Using React without JSX is especially convenient when you don’t want to set up compilation in your build environment.

Each JSX element is just syntactic sugar for calling React.createElement(component, props, ...children). So, anything you can do with JSX can also be done with just plain JavaScript.

For example, this code written with JSX:

class Hello extends React.Component {
  render() {
    return <div>Hello {this.props.toWhat}</div>;
  }
}

const root = ReactDOM.createRoot(document.getElementById('root'));
root.render(<Hello toWhat="World" />);
can be compiled to this code that does not use JSX:

class Hello extends React.Component {
  render() {
    return React.createElement('div', null, `Hello ${this.props.toWhat}`);
  }
}

const root = ReactDOM.createRoot(document.getElementById('root'));
root.render(React.createElement(Hello, {toWhat: 'World'}, null));


Q2) Is ES6 mandatory for React?
A2)ES6 is the 6th version of the ECMAScript 
programming language. ECMAScript is the 
standardized javascript language released in 2015.
 Reactjs is the best frontend library ever created.
  It is made by Facebook to perform several task0
  s in the frontend itself. ES6 is the 
  standardization of javascript for making code
  more readable and more accessible.

If we don’t use ES6 in react, 
there is an alternative to perform. 
We use create-react-class instead of ES6.
To use React without ES6, we need to install a node module create-react-class.

In your React application, open the terminal and run the following command:

npm i create-react-class

This is the way to define the react class components without ES6. We take the help of the create-react-class module. 

Firstly, We require the create-react-class module in our file. Then we create a variable app that uses the createReactClass API to define the render function.

import React from "react";
import "./App.css";

var createReactClass = require('create-react-class');
var App = createReactClass({
  render: function() {
    return <h1>Hello World</h1>;
  }
});

export default App;

Q3) How can I write comments in JSX?
A3) Like other languages, JSX provides us with 
the ability to write comments. Comments aid 
readability, understandability, 
maintainability, etc. of a codebase.
JSX comments begin and end with curly braces {}. 
Followed by the opening curly brace is a forward 
slash and an asterisk. After that is the comment 
and lastly, an asterisk, a forward slash and the
 closing curly brace.

 Q4) what is <React.Fragment><React.Fragment /> and <></>?
 A4) What is React Fragment? ​ React Fragment is a 
 feature in React that allows you to return
  multiple elements from a React component by 
  allowing you to group a list of children without
   adding extra nodes to the DOM. To return
    multiple elements from a React component, 
    you'll need to wrap the element in a root 
    element.
The React framework offers a shorthand syntax for 
fragment components that appears as an empty tag:
 <></> . While it is supported in JSX syntax, 
 it is not part of the HTML standard and thus 
 is not supported natively by browsers.
Q5) what is virtual DOM?
A5) React JS Virtual DOM is an in-memory representation of the DOM. 
    React uses Virtual DOM exists which is like a
     lightweight copy of the actual 
     DOM(a virtual representation of the DOM). 
     So for every object that exists in the 
     original DOM, there is an object for that 
     in React Virtual DOM.

Q6) What is reconcillation in React?
A6) React Reconciliation is the process through
 which React updates the Browser DOM. It makes 
 the DOM updates faster in React. It updates 
 the virtual DOM first and then uses the diffing 
 algorithm to make efficient and optimized updates
  in the Real DOM.

  Q7) What is React Fiber? 
  A7) React Fiber is a backwards compatible,
   complete rewrite of the React core. In other
    words, it is a reimplementation of older 
    versions of the React reconciler.

Introduced from React 16, Fiber Reconciler is the 
new reconciliation algorithm in React. The term 
Fiber refers to React's data structure (or)
 architecture, and originates from 'fiber' -
  a representation of a node of the DOM tree.

  Q8) Why we need keys in React?When do we need 
  keys in React?
  A8) A “key” is a special string attribute you 
  need to include when creating lists of elements 
  in React. Keys are used in React to identify
   which items in the list are changed, updated,
    or deleted. Keys are used to give an identity
     to the elements in the lists. Keys should be 
     given to the elements inside the array to give
      the elements a stable identity.
      Most often you would use IDs from your data as keys
      When you don’t have stable IDs for rendered 
      items, you may use the item index as a key as
       a last resort.We don’t recommend using 
       indexes for keys if the order of items 
       may change. This can negatively impact 
       performance and may cause issues with 
       component state.
        If you use indices as keys and remove an item 
        from the list, React may not properly update 
        the component's state. This can cause 
        components to render incorrect data, leading to 
        inconsistencies and bugs in your application.
Q9) What is props in React?
A9) React Props are like function arguments 
in JavaScript and attributes in HTML.
Props are arguments passed into React components.
You use props to pass data and values from one
 component to another to get dynamic and unique 
 outputs. The term 'props' is an abbreviation for 
 'properties' which refers to the properties of 
 an object.

Q10) What is config driven UI?
A10) Configuration-driven UI, also known as 
config-driven UI or configuration-based UI - 
When you build real a world application so you
 want should your website work in many country 
 or many place we control our fontend it is 
 known as using Config-Driven UI . API or 
 Backend Driven which is data Comming from API.

or

In a configuration-driven UI, the layout, styles,
 and other properties of UI elements are defined 
 in a configuration file or database, which can be
  easily modified without requiring changes to the 
  codebase. This approach makes it easier to 
  customize the UI for different use cases or user
   groups, without the need for extensive coding.

The configuration file or database may also define
 the data sources and the data to be displayed in
  the UI, as well as the interactions and behavior
   of the UI components. This allows for greater
    flexibility and adaptability of the UI to 
    different use cases, as the configuration 
    data can be easily modified or replaced without
     affecting the underlying application logic.

Config-driven UI is a technique that allows you
 to create user interfaces based on a configuration
  file, such as JSON, or a TypeScript file that
   defines the layout and content of the UI
    components. This can be useful for creating
     dynamic and customizable UIs without hard 
     coding them.